# 11/7: 
Discussed what each team member is currently working on and what troubles anyone is currently encountering. Elijah and Stephen are working on the backend for the login/registration pages so that users can properly sign up and their data is stored in a table, with user passwords being hashed for security. Ali is working on the dashboard/homepage front end so that the styling matches the login/registration pages. The rest of the members were not able to attend the meeting and our TA informed us that they will either need to be present next week or other team members will need to be able to explain what they have been working on in order for the absent team members to receive credit for their individual evaluation.

# 11/14: 
Sutchin working on dashboard. Stephen, Ali, and Kai working on the homepage implementation. Pranav and Elijah working on the page for each politician's trading activity. We are switching from Financial Modeling Prep's API to QuiverQuant's API due to paywall restrictions that were not obvious when we originally decided on the API. We have a working login/registration page that Stephan and Elijah worked on. We also have a homepage and a user settings page that Kai worked on. Elijah and Stephan worked on dealing with merge conflicts and getting the main branch functional and up to date. We have gotten the Quiver Quant API working and have developed a basic implementation for testing, and will be working on a more fleshed out implementation in the coming week. We will also be working on building our database for storing data from API calls so that requests do not need to be made every time a user looks up information.

# 11/20:
We are working on improving the functionality of congress member profiles, the following functionality of the site, the dashboard, settings, and profile page. Stephen is working on the dashboard, Elijah is working on the congress member profiles and deploying the web service on render. Ali is working on improving the following functionality. Ali and Pranav are working on the settings and user profiles pages. We did not meet at our scheduled meeting time on Friday the 21st because the TA and several members would be traveling for break. 